README.md, before:

# [Play Wordle-KS here!](https://kt1122.github.io/Wordle-KS/)

## What is this project? 
Wordle-KS is Katie Sharp’s take on the popular New York Times game "Wordle." This project  
was undertaken for ECS 162 (Web Programming) at UC Davis during the Spring Quarter of 2024.   
It was designed to teach students how to use client-side JavaScript in conjunction with CSS and   
HTML, all of which were introduced for the first time during this course.  

## How to play:
In this implementation of Wordle, you have six tries to guess a five-letter word. Unlike the  
New York Times version, the word will not contain duplicate letters. When a box containing a  
letter turns green, that means it is the correct letter in the correct spot. If the box turns  
yellow, that indicates the letter is in the word but not in the correct spot. When the box   
turns grey, it means the letter is not in the word at all.    

## Project Specifications:
Per the assigment details, this game employs a responsive "mobile-first" design, but has been  
curated to also be visually appealing and fully functional on desktop computers or tablets.   
Students were  also tasked to use plain JavaScript without external libraries to strengthen   
core programming skills and ensure uniform coding practices in order to deepen understanding   
of JavaScript’s direct functionalities.

Commit message:

Include link to original wordle game

README.md, after:

# [Play Wordle-KS here!](https://kt1122.github.io/Wordle-KS/)

## What is this project? 
Wordle-KS is Katie Sharp’s take on the popular New York Times game "Wordle." This project  
was undertaken for ECS 162 (Web Programming) at UC Davis during the Spring Quarter of 2024.   
It was designed to teach students how to use client-side JavaScript in conjunction with CSS and   
HTML, all of which were introduced for the first time during this course.    
  
To play the original Wordle game by the New York Times, visit [New York Times Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html).

## How to play:
In this implementation of Wordle, you have six tries to guess a five-letter word. Unlike the  
New York Times version, the word will not contain duplicate letters. When a box containing a  
letter turns green, that means it is the correct letter in the correct spot. If the box turns  
yellow, that indicates the letter is in the word but not in the correct spot. When the box   
turns grey, it means the letter is not in the word at all.    

## Project Specifications:
Per the assigment details, this game employs a responsive "mobile-first" design, but has been  
curated to also be visually appealing and fully functional on desktop computers or tablets.   
Students were  also tasked to use plain JavaScript without external libraries to strengthen   
core programming skills and ensure uniform coding practices in order to deepen understanding   
of JavaScript’s direct functionalities.
